---
title: Crypto in Q1 2022
date: '2022-01-15'
tags: ['crypto']
draft: true
summary: It turns out a 24x7 online casino is as crazy as it sounds.
---

I’ve been writing down my thoughts in a private trading journal for a bit and beginning to think that I should start writing this publicly. So here we are.

Curve Wars - the curve wars are underway and we saw BTRFLY take off in December and early in Jan. Stables are an incredibly important part of DeFi and Curve is the backbone of this. YFI, CVX, BTRFLY, FXS, etc are all super interesting plays here, not only buying the coin buy locking up and earning rewards. Watching these charts you can get a real feel for how strong these coins are — the sentiment is incredibly strong and these coins pump hard. As DeFi continues to grow Curve’s dominance will likely continue to grow and because of the fees it spits off the Curve Wars will continue.

Alt L1’s - we saw SOL, AVAX and later in the year LUNA take off as new Alt L1’s. While the holy war continues and lots of good point on both sides, the thing that we can definitely take away is that there is absolutely user demand for cheap & fast L1’s. ETH is just too expensive and as we onboard new users into crypto ETH is a prohibitive chain to get started on. As SOL and AVAX harden up into a maturity phase after their pumps last year, the alt L1 meta game continues to rotate into FTM, NEAR, ONE. Having used these other chains, they are also new, fast, cheap, etc and so they are capturing CT’s interest right now. Whether that holds we’ll see, but there is definitely some momentum here and lots of interesting stuff happening.

Multichain - the debate between which L1 is better or if L2’s are a thing, what is very clear is we will live in a multichain world. Like countries, there will be winner and losers but people will have different preferences and both want to build and transact on different chains. In that light, things like DOT and ATOM are super interesting. With a focus on enabling multi chains and shared security/infra, these chains seem like the future. They’re still early and the community doesn’t seem to yet quite appreciate these models and a very real question about the value of their governance tokens (ie does value accrue to the parachain vs DOT), this feels like the future.

GameFi - another benefit of these high TPS/low txn cost chains is that we are starting to see real applications get built on these chains. Having played Wolf, WND, DFK, etc you can begin to get a real feel for what GameFi is going to be. These games are still incredibly rudimentary and hacky, but you can absolutely see where they are going and the interesting dynamics that happen in a game when you include NFTs, tokens, etc in it. DFK is my current favorite having very strong early Zelda/Pokemon vibes and with DeFi baked into it I think there is huge potential there. I also backed a project recently in this light and think there is going to be a tremendous amount of innovation here and I’m excited to play these games. The thing that people don’t realize about GameFi is that it’s not just games, these are the mini worlds and the metaverse we’ve been talking about.

DPX/rDPX - special shoutout to 2 coins that I’ve been watching for months and failing to really appreciate or build a material position in. The product makes a ton of sense, the coin is pumping like a motherfucker (both the core coin and the rebate coin) and this feels like an absolute monster in the making. Will continue to acquire this coin.

Macro - one of the things that I’ve been writing to myself in crypto is paying attention to where we are in the cycle. While I can’t say where are overall, relative to last year where nothing could fail and everything was up only, it definitely feels like we’re in a more reserved state right now. There are still hype coins, things are still pumping, but it’s not quite the exuberance from before. The overhang of this all is Jerome and his interest rate talks he has that tanks markets. Crypto seems to recover from this faster than the regular markets and this might mean that while we are affected it isn’t directly correlated, but we’ll see.

The macro stuff that I am paying attention to is where developers are going and what people are building. It feels like we are moving away from a pure infrastructure/financial build to one of real applications. NFTs were the first real commercial crypto application and even that was pretty esoteric. But some of the new stuff ie games, social, services, etc all feel much more like classic consumer grade apps where we can abstract the user away from the complexity of what is going on at the chain level and allow them to see the benefits of crypto without having to really understand what is going on.

The other macro thing is looking at what happens between BTC, ETH, Alt L1’s, L2’s, etc. It feels like the boomercoin is fading away and although I don’t think that this means it will disappear, the energy feels like is moving away it. I also don’t think that we’re going to have a flippening, bc ETH is also going through the same things and feels like the energy is not quite the same there anymore either. Alt L1’s have taken our imagination right now and people have been poo-pooing L2’s (myself included), but I do think that L2’s will have a place and if I had to make a bet, I would bet L2’s have a strong H2 2022 while Alt L1’s continue to outperform in H1.