---
title: Crypto Musings
date: '2021-09-26'
tags: ['crypto']
draft: true
summary: It turns out a 24x7 online casino is as crazy as it sounds.
---

The crypto world has been on fire over the last few weeks and as I’ve gotten deeper into it the more I find that I can’t do anything else other than think about crypto and where it’s going. The more I get into it, it seems like the end up being 2 distinct groups of people — full on crypto maxis and then everyone else. And while a lot of my friends are crypto maxis, there are still far more that are skeptical. I find myself trying to explain why they should go full on into crypto and end up stumbling over myself in excitement. So figured that I would try to write this to help myself better articulate this.

There are a bunch of reasons why people are excited about crypto, but the one that most commonly gets talked about is money. While money is a key component of crypto, I think it’s really overstated how important the money part is. When I think about why I care, I think it comes down to 3 things — the technology, societal/cultural implications, and obvs money.

I don’t think you can really love crypto or understand how disruptive crypto is without really appreciating the technology. I’m still in awe that it all works — and what is exciting is there is clearly so much left to build. I love the Chris Dixon blogpost “the next thing big will look like a toy”. There are 2 ideas in that, first that big things are often dismissed bc they look small but a more subtle point is that new things win not by trying to do what incumbents do better but by doing something the incumbents can’t do at all. That is what is exciting about crypto. Web2 was all about big centralized internet services owned by a single entity — Fb, Google, Spotify, etc. While those services are great, ultimately they are still centralized middleman services. Crypto does the opposite — we now have decentralized services owned by the community. Super exciting to both see this work but also to see what gets built on top. There are billions of dollars moving actually moving around on the network, services being built on top of the protocols (AMMs, DEX, etc), new applications (Audius), art (NFTs), games (Axie Infinity), etc. From a technology standpoint it is just amazing to see these new products and services get built, and for anyone who uses these products on a regular basis you can both tell where there are obvious new products and experiences that need to be built and also really fun new products being built in totally different ways (ie Loot). There’s just so much to build with this tech that it is just incredibly exciting watching and being a part of it for this reason alone.

The next big thing is the societal and cultural implications. Crypto blows up everything we know about how we organize and operate in our society today. We’ve been stuck in a fairly monolithic world — you go to school, get a job, work your way up, and eventually get somewhere you want. Startups helped change that a bit — instead of following this path you could build something new and shortcut the process. This was great and pretty disruptive, but ultimately only went so far and still only let a few folks participate in this change — founders, investors, engineers, etc. Crypto throw almost every notion out the window. The idea of companies changes entirely and you don’t have to work for one company anymore — you can work with a number of DAOs simultaneously. Fundraising is completely different — you no longer need VCs and the whole jerkoff process that can be, you can raise tons of money directly from the community through selling tokens. And participation & access changes entirely — you don’t have to be an engineer at one of the top startups to raise VC and you don’t have to have gone to Stanford/Harvard to become one of those who back these folks — you can buy tokens in your favorite projects whenever you want. The way we live and work will dramatically change because of this. You’ll no longer have a single job — you can contribute to multiple projects at the same time. You can invest in your favorite projects and spin up new things as you want to. And so much more we haven’t even consindered.

And the last thing is money. Money is an obvious one but you can make life changing money in crypto in a very short period of time. You can also get rekt and lose it all, but it does feel like if we’re moving towards the metaverse (god I hate that word, plz read the internet is our reality now instead thx), than the idea of crypto is still super early and that we will see meaningful increases in value to the coins that we are trading today. It is pretty insane to think about but I think the most clear line between those that are gmi vs ngmi is the idea that the wagmi crowd is going to have significantly more spending power than the ngmi crowd. If we are as early in crypto as I think we are, even small bags today will be worth insane amounts in the future that we can’t even comprehend. And so if you believe that we’re building new internet native currencies for a virtual world that is being constructed as we speak but just has a bad UI to date, then you should really get some crypto.

All this to say….wagmi.